assignment.md, before:

# pirple2

Homework Assignment #2

The Assignment (Scenario):

You are building the API for a pizza-delivery company. Don't worry about a frontend, just build the API. Here's the spec from your project manager: 

1. New users can be [created](lib/handlers/README.md#sign-up), their information can be [edited](lib/handlers/README.md#update-user-details), and they can be [deleted](lib/handlers/README.md#delete-user). We should store their [name, email address, and street address](lib/handlers/README.md#api-validation-rules).

2. Users can [log in](lib/handlers/README.md#sign-in) and [log out](lib/handlers/README.md#sign-out) by creating or destroying a token.

3. When a user is logged in, they should be able to GET [all the possible menu](lib/handlers/README.md#get-menu-items) items (these items [can be hardcoded](test-tools.sh#L219) into the system). 

4. A logged-in user should be able to [fill](lib/handlers/README.md#add-menu-item-to-shopping-cart) a shopping [cart](lib/handlers/README.md#get-the-logged-in-users-shopping-cart) with [menu](lib/handlers/README.md#get-menu-item) [items](lib/handlers/README.md#filter-menu-items)

5. A logged-in user should be able to [create an order](lib/handlers/README.md#create-order-with-contents-of-shopping-cart). You should integrate with the Sandbox of Stripe.com to accept their payment. Note: Use the [stripe sandbox](lib/helpers.js#L730) for your testing. Follow this link and click on the "tokens" tab to see the fake tokens you can use server-side to confirm the integration is working: https://stripe.com/docs/testing#cards

6. When an order is placed, you should [email the user a receipt.](lib/handlers/order.js#L358) You should integrate with the sandbox of Mailgun.com for this. Note: Every Mailgun account comes with a sandbox email account domain (whatever@sandbox123.mailgun.org) that you can send from by default. So, there's no need to setup any DNS for your domain for this task https://documentation.mailgun.com/en/latest/faqs.html#how-do-i-pick-a-domain-name-for-my-mailgun-account

Important Note: If you use external libraries (NPM) to integrate with Stripe or Mailgun, you will not pass this assignment. You must write your API calls from scratch. Look up the "Curl" documentation for both APIs so you can figure out how to craft your API calls. 

This is an open-ended assignment. You may take any direction you'd like to go with it, as long as your project includes the requirements. It can include anything else you wish as well. 

P.S. Don't forget to document how a client should interact with the API you create!

Commit message:

factorized /lib/helpers.js  --> /lib/helpers/stripe.js

assignment.md, after:

# pirple3

Homework Assignment #3

This is the third of several homework assignments you'll receive in this course. In order to receive your certificate of completion (at the end of this course) you must complete all the assignments and receive a passing grade. 

How to Turn It In:

1. Create a public github repo for this assignment. 

2. Create a new post in the Facebook Group  and note "Homework Assignment #3" at the top.

3. In that thread, discuss what you have built, and include the link to your Github repo. 

The Assignment (Scenario):

It is time to build a simple frontend for the Pizza-Delivery API you created in Homework Assignment #2. Please create a web app that allows customers to:

1. Signup on the site

2. View all the items available to order

3. Fill up a shopping cart

4. Place an order (with fake credit card credentials), and receive an email receipt

This is an open-ended assignment. You can take any direction you'd like to go with it, as long as your project includes the requirements. It can include anything else you wish as well.
