README.md, before:

# pirple2
pirple assignment 2
Homework Assignment #2

Note - This is a work in progress, and as I'm using ZEDAPP as my editor of choice, I'm editing the repository live, pulling down changes to my local machine every time i need to test. 

this means there will be many evolutions of the code before it is complete. this isn't the only way to use ZEDAPP (https://github.com/zedapp/zed), i just decided to try doing it this way for this project, instead of working locally and then commiting the project once at the end.


The Assignment (Scenario):

You are building the API for a pizza-delivery company. Don't worry about a frontend, just build the API. Here's the spec from your project manager: 

1. New users can be created, their information can be edited, and they can be deleted. We should store their name, email address, and street address.

2. Users can log in and log out by creating or destroying a token.

3. When a user is logged in, they should be able to GET all the possible menu items (these items can be hardcoded into the system). 

4. A logged-in user should be able to fill a shopping cart with menu items

5. A logged-in user should be able to create an order. You should integrate with the Sandbox of Stripe.com to accept their payment. Note: Use the stripe sandbox for your testing. Follow this link and click on the "tokens" tab to see the fake tokens you can use server-side to confirm the integration is working: https://stripe.com/docs/testing#cards

6. When an order is placed, you should email the user a receipt. You should integrate with the sandbox of Mailgun.com for this. Note: Every Mailgun account comes with a sandbox email account domain (whatever@sandbox123.mailgun.org) that you can send from by default. So, there's no need to setup any DNS for your domain for this task https://documentation.mailgun.com/en/latest/faqs.html#how-do-i-pick-a-domain-name-for-my-mailgun-account

Important Note: If you use external libraries (NPM) to integrate with Stripe or Mailgun, you will not pass this assignment. You must write your API calls from scratch. Look up the "Curl" documentation for both APIs so you can figure out how to craft your API calls. 

This is an open-ended assignment. You may take any direction you'd like to go with it, as long as your project includes the requirements. It can include anything else you wish as well. 

P.S. Don't forget to document how a client should interact with the API you create!

Commit message:

updated readme with more info about zedapp

README.md, after:

# pirple2
pirple assignment 2
Homework Assignment #2

Note - This is a work in progress, and as I'm using ZEDAPP as my editor of choice, I'm editing the repository live, pulling down changes to my local machine every time i need to test. 

this means there will be many evolutions of the code before it is complete. this isn't the only way to use ZEDAPP (https://github.com/zedapp/zed), i just decided to try doing it this way for this project, instead of working locally and then commiting the project once at the end.

(zedapp is written entirely in javascript and uses node-webkit as it's engine which is basically nodejs with a custom version of the chromium project)


The Assignment (Scenario):

You are building the API for a pizza-delivery company. Don't worry about a frontend, just build the API. Here's the spec from your project manager: 

1. New users can be created, their information can be edited, and they can be deleted. We should store their name, email address, and street address.

2. Users can log in and log out by creating or destroying a token.

3. When a user is logged in, they should be able to GET all the possible menu items (these items can be hardcoded into the system). 

4. A logged-in user should be able to fill a shopping cart with menu items

5. A logged-in user should be able to create an order. You should integrate with the Sandbox of Stripe.com to accept their payment. Note: Use the stripe sandbox for your testing. Follow this link and click on the "tokens" tab to see the fake tokens you can use server-side to confirm the integration is working: https://stripe.com/docs/testing#cards

6. When an order is placed, you should email the user a receipt. You should integrate with the sandbox of Mailgun.com for this. Note: Every Mailgun account comes with a sandbox email account domain (whatever@sandbox123.mailgun.org) that you can send from by default. So, there's no need to setup any DNS for your domain for this task https://documentation.mailgun.com/en/latest/faqs.html#how-do-i-pick-a-domain-name-for-my-mailgun-account

Important Note: If you use external libraries (NPM) to integrate with Stripe or Mailgun, you will not pass this assignment. You must write your API calls from scratch. Look up the "Curl" documentation for both APIs so you can figure out how to craft your API calls. 

This is an open-ended assignment. You may take any direction you'd like to go with it, as long as your project includes the requirements. It can include anything else you wish as well. 

P.S. Don't forget to document how a client should interact with the API you create!
